tests: Ability to delete workspace from the system console. (#72)
mattermost/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/cloud/delete-workspace/test-case-1.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Verify System admin is able to successfully Delete a Workspace on monthly plan"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Delete Workspace
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P1 - Smoke Tests (App testable?)

# (Optional)
location: Cloud
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

Ref PR: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/pull/12077

Ref: Story: https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-49442

demo Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n6VLGclx_nb6Hr8K-JNLqcg5wOAKt6JL/view

**Prerequisites:**

> 1. Make sure its an cloud instance and logged in with System Admin user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure it is a cloud instance and logged in with System Admin user.
```

Author: done

2. Navigate to System Console > Billing & Account > Subscriptions.
3. Verify that at the bottom of the screen we can see '<Workspace name >' and **Delete Workspace** button.
   **Note:** Only an instance with monthly subscription plan will have delete button option. i.e Cloud Professional
4. Verify if the instance is on Yearly subscription plan, we can see **Contact Us** button.

**Scenario 1:**
Instance should be on a Free plan

1. On System Console > Billing & Account > Subscriptions, Click on **Delete Workspace** button.

> 2. Should chose 1 option among

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Should choose 1 option among
```

Author: done

   - No longer found value.
   - Moving to a different solution.
   - Created a workspace by mistake.
   - Moving to hosting my own Mattermost instance (self-hosted).
   - Other
     "Other" require more details to be submitted via a text area.
     and click on **Delete Workspace** button.
3. Once the workspace is deleted, you will see a success screen stating that the workspace has been deleted.
4. Click the Go to Mattermost.com button.

**Expected**

**Scenario 1:**

1. Should see a small survey modal is diaplayed.
   - Title: **Please share your reason for deleting**.

>    - should have radio button to select option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Should have radio button to select option.
```

Author: v
